[ty] Improve handling of disjointness for `NominalInstanceType`s and `SubclassOfType`s (#18864)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/slots.md

class B:
    __slots__ = ("c", "d")

class C(  # error: [instance-layout-conflict]
    A,
    B,
): ...
```

## Explicitly annotated `__slots__`

We do not emit false positives on classes with empty `__slots__` definitions, even if the
`__slots__` definitions are annotated with variadic tuples:

```py
class Foo:
    __slots__: tuple[str, ...] = ()

class Bar:
    __slots__: tuple[str, ...] = ()

class Baz(Foo, Bar): ...  # fine
```

## Built-ins with implicit layouts

<!-- snapshot-diagnostics -->

> Certain classes implemented in C extensions are also considered "solid bases" in theh same way as
> classes that define non-empty `__slots__`. There is no generalized way for ty to detect if a class
> is a "solid base", but ty special-cases certain builtin classes:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain classes implemented in C extensions also have an extended instance memory layout, in the
same way as classes that define non-empty `__slots__`. (CPython internally calls all such classes
with a unique instance memory layout "solid bases", and we also borrow this term.) There is currently
no generalized way for ty to detect such a C-extension class, as the information isn't present in type
stubs, but ty special-cases certain builtin classes:

```
